c:\users\martinaybar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\EstudioDelFutbol.dll
c:\users\martinaybar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\EstudioDelFutbol.pdb
c:\users\martinaybar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\Common.dll
c:\users\martinaybar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\martinaybar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\Logger.dll
c:\users\martinaybar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\Logic.dll
c:\users\martinaybar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\martinaybar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\martinaybar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\martinaybar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\martinaybar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\martinaybar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\martinaybar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\martinaybar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\martinaybar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\DataAccess.dll
c:\users\martinaybar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\Common.pdb
c:\users\martinaybar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\Logger.pdb
c:\users\martinaybar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\Logic.pdb
c:\users\martinaybar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\martinaybar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\martinaybar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\martinaybar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\martinaybar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\martinaybar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\martinaybar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\martinaybar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\martinaybar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\obj\Release\EstudioDelFutbol.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\martinaybar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\obj\Release\EstudioDelFutbol.dll
c:\users\martinaybar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\obj\Release\EstudioDelFutbol.pdb
E:\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\obj\Release\EstudioDelFutbol.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\obj\Release\EstudioDelFutbol.dll
E:\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\obj\Release\EstudioDelFutbol.pdb
E:\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\EstudioDelFutbol.dll
E:\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\EstudioDelFutbol.pdb
E:\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\Common.dll
E:\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\Logger.dll
E:\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\Logic.dll
E:\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
E:\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\DataAccess.dll
E:\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\Common.pdb
E:\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\Logger.pdb
E:\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\Logic.pdb
E:\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\EstudioDelFutbol\EstudioDelFutbol\bin\DataAccess.pdb
